Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Request: Challenge 1
Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue bunny workers, you're going to tell them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's only fair to warn people, after all.

Complete: Level 1
You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

Request: Challenge 2.1
You got the bunny trainers to teach you a card game today, it's called Fizzbin. It's kind of pointless, but they seem to like it and it helps you pass the time while you work your way up to Commander Lambda's inner circle.

Request: Challenge 2.2
Rumor has it the bunny trainers are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. You never know when you might need to bribe a trainer (or three)...

Complete: Level 2
Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal assistant. You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

Request: Challenge 3.1
There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Request: Challenge 3.2
As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...